If you change your mind
Take a chance on the first in line. Honey, I'm still free. Take a chance on me
If you need me
I'm not gonna be around if you got no place to go when you're feeling down
If you're all alone
When the pretty birds have flown on the outskirts of the sea
Take a chance on me
But if you're all alone
Let's rock
Can I be questlove in this scenario?
Yeah, I think so
Travis who do you want to be?
I don't listen to country music. I have no idea what you're talking about
This is my brother my brother and me. It's an advice show for the modern era
It is not a live jz concert live from times square. I can understand why you might be confused
it possesses the same power and excitement and
Um blue language though. Yeah, and we have the ability to sell out the garden in a day
We're like a young marvin
Yeah, his head, you know, don't worry about it. Yep. Um, so this is uh, not a jz concert
it's my brother my brother me if I show for the modern era we take your
uh
Your queries and now can we like turn them into wisdom?
um
Griffin, why don't you uh hit us with a question that we can advise someone on sure. Um,
An anonymous user on form spring asks
I've been with my current girlfriend for around three months and feel more attracted to other women than to her
What would you advise I do?
Wow, do you need help with this one?
Wow, how out of touch with your feelings are you three months another girl and I haven't seen my girlfriend in three weeks
Are we still together? I think what you need to do is definitely stay in that relationship for the next 10 to 20 years
Maybe marry her have a couple kids with her
Yeah, really number one number one get her pregnant because
I think that's gonna really clear up a lot of the problems that you guys have in your relationship
Well, you know, I'm always three months sexier the three months responsibility the three month hump is when things really start to get long in the tooth
Um, I think after three months, I don't think any relationship can really remain fresh, you know things start to go stale
uh right around 10 weeks, so
You know
Just you you have to realize that that's an aspect that every relationship has to deal with every you can't beat yourself up
Is what griffin's saying when you're when you stop being attracted to somebody fight through it
Yeah, because eventually you're gonna have it. Yeah get her pregnant and then eventually you're gonna find you have begrudging respect
Yeah, nothing is more attractive than begrudging respect. That's that's true. That always that's that's sexy
that's how uh, that's how
Russell crowe got so far is it he's begrudgingly respectful of the women he meets and and it's and it's
hyper sexual and it's also important that you cheat on her as much as possible just
Seven eight times a day as much as you can physically stand because that's good for her
It's not about you. She wants you to be happy and that'll make her happy
Yeah
if you love them
Cheat on them and then if they come back to you it was meant to be that's like the old saying goes
Mm-hmm. By the way, this is one of those times where we're giving really bad fake advice
If you don't want to follow it, yeah, uh, let's give real advice get out
Yeah, that's why we went with the fake advice first because the real advice is boring get out
Run take the money and run
Take the money and run but whatever you do do not tell her what you just told us. Yeah
Don't end it like that. Listen, honey. It's not me. It's you you are not as attractive to me as other women are
Yeah, this is for your own good. Yeah, I guess in that it is. Yeah
Don't blame yourself blame every other woman for being more attractive than you are
For being sexy unless unless the other women he's talking about are like Uma Thurman
Yeah, dude. Yeah, dude. Look at yourself in the mirror. Yeah. Hey, maybe you should take inventory real quick
Like go look in the mirror is your grill. Whack. Are your pecs Waylon?
Like are you gonna be able to get these girls that that that you're more attracted to like you need to really make sure
you're in a
mental state where you're like that may be irrelevant like that may not have any relation to what your
What your situation is you may find other women attractive, but that doesn't mean like like you realize some girls get paid
Do that right to look attractive?
Like professionally this this six and a half that you're with might be the best you can do
Yeah, unless you go whale on those pecs some more blast your core whale on your pecs get some peck juice
Yeah, and then you'll be ready to go. So I guess what we're saying is look at your life and then settle
There we go that all I think I need all of our advice boils down to that that one central thesis
Just settle
Recently, I was in a situation. This is from Ramsey via Gmail recently
I was in a situation where I was provoked at a large public sporting event
There was some unkind words exchange and I was asked to stand up and fight
I was certainly up for it after how annoying the guy was towards me
But given I was outnumbered surrounded by 50 police officers as well as being with a new peace-loving friend. I
Decided to just grip my teeth and move away
Yes, that's always the right answer oh that's her 19 I've noticed that as I get older I'm putting more of these
Types of situations even when keeping to myself
So I ask you should I man up and attempt to take out the next schmo that goes off with me or should I?
continue to back off
Well Ramsey us McElroy's are lovers not fighters
Well, we weren't really caught into violence don't cotton to it
Yeah, I've only been in one fight in my life and it was when a someone cut in the Foursquare line
I've told this story before and I I spoke up and I got slapped in my face
It was such a powerful slap that I fell down to the ground
My advice is balance out your new peace-loving friend with a really shit balls crazy friend. Yeah
And that way you won't have to do anything you can just sit there and look at like Frank
I don't know about this guy, and then there Frank goes set off like a match killing that dude. Yeah, Frank
This guy was looking at this weird
Yeah, I I you know what I don't really think usually I
I think fighting is okay to defend
Like somebody you care about but other than that like ah who cares the guy you you're only 19, so let me let me
Give you some guidance from somebody who's 29. He's got a decade on you if you try to fight
Everybody who's an idiot?
you are going to be exhausted because
Most people are stupid and deserve to have their faces punched in you just can't you don't have enough punches in you
For all the people that need to be literally
Fucking punched in the nose like hard until it breaks and the bone goes up in their brain and kills mentally
Yeah
a lot of people need that treatment you have to you have to take solace in the fact that
Most of those people are going to do the punching to themselves
Because when you get to you know egos in the same room like that, and they're both
You know drunken violent wrecks, then they're gonna mess each other up. They're gonna take care of that problem themselves. It's a it's a
Self-solving problem, that's why I love watching Jersey Shore
Right the problem is the solution never ever
Underestimate the power of being able to feel superior to that person
Yeah, right because they want to hit you and you decide not to hit them you just won
You won the fight without ever throwing a blow my friend sure I like to do a little sexy harem girl
Dance because yeah think about that either you're gonna defuse the situation
Because he's gonna get a chuckle and everybody'll walk away friends. That's the ideal
Or ultimately he's gonna slap you and it'll be that guy that hit the dancing guy
Like who wants to be friends with the guy that hit that guy who was just dancing all he was doing was dancing
Expressing his love through motion motion also don't go to sporting events. I might help
Yeah, can I tell you why I've never gotten in a fight for real, and you should really you should take note of this Ramsey
Cuz you're only 19
I was always afraid like the first fight I get into like it's gonna get into 50 cuffs
And then someone's gonna like punch me in my eye or like in my good eye and just pop it right out
And then I won't have an eye anymore or like they'll punch me in my my sweet
straight teeth and and jack up my whole grill and
And that'll be the end and that'll be a thing I have to deal with for the rest of my life like they'll punch me
And then I'll have an Owen Wilson nose for the rest of my life because of this one
Altercation do you know why you know why I never got in a fight
I was taking a stage combat class and
The professor grabbed my wrist and held my fist up in the air and announced very loudly does everyone see this
Travis McElroy has fists of iron if he were to ever accidentally hit someone he would kill them
Yeah, so I've lived in fear that the first time I punch
Their eye out
Straight up kill them well Travis you've been in more fights than than all of us cuz I remember one time in middle school
There's an altercation where you beat the shit out of somebody with a trombone case
Good times good times
Griffin's big claim to fame is just just Griffin
Like if they look like I'm gonna slap somebody you got a guy get away from them
Are you who was that gentleman with the giant hands? Yeah?
What's with ever long over there
Spring asks I need relationship advice on how to be more romantic my wife states that I am NOT
Romantic and I need ideas for how to do so McElroy's I need your help
You've come to the right place have you
I
Hmm take her to a nice monster truck rally
Spontaneity is the secret. Mm-hmm. That's my advice
Stab a drink. Are you are you talking like sexy?
Sexy romantic or like romantic romantic like I made dinner for you romantic making dinner is a classic
Mm-hmm clean the house. Yeah, that's what I was gonna say do the dishes. I think that romance is not doing what somebody
asks you to do but doing what they want you to do because that that I think it's sort of at the heart of
romance because that that you
It makes the woman or man feel like you know them really well
and that's the feeling that they want like you know them and still care enough to put the extra effort in so do something that
you think she wants you to do but
Wouldn't ask you to do if that's the but that's the but you know, it's it's it's completely up to you
Get why don't you see if you can get James Taylor to write a song about her. There you go
We know James Taylor little harem girl dance do a harem girl dances another
No, don't do that unless I'm trying to fight with you. Yeah, that's like whoa, what's up with this dancing guy?
Okay, you can make her hash browns. He doesn't like this
She may not it might not be romantic, but she'll be she'll be full
You know and just every so often fire some flowers. Don't make it a big deal
Don't be like look what I did just yeah from work hand with the flowers. Say I love you
Before you settle down to play video games for several hours. Yeah, just let her know that you care
It's it's mainly about putting effort in that's what I would say
So if you put the effort in it doesn't really matter what you do
I mean try to do the right thing, but it doesn't really matter and you might get some a
for effort
Oh
Yeah
Yahoo answers user Lala asks. How do you get airbrushed poreless skin naturally?
Is it possible?
Pretty sure your skin is is what mannequins out
Pores Lala. Yeah, you definitely definitely need the pores. I think I disagree what you mean to do is be beautiful
sure, but
Like your your skin is a porous membrane through which things need to move or else you'll know that is so
2000 and late in this day and age what you need to do is get some surgery to have every pore individually removed
Mm-hmm. Have you seen Chad? He's got that non porous
They took a skin graft off the back of his thighs and just yeah
Just filled in his holes. He sweats from his mouth though. That's from his mouth like a dog, which is
A chatter you drooling. No, don't be gauche. I don't have pores
I'm part of me sir. Perhaps you didn't notice my smooth a mannequin like skin
Excuse me. I see a water cup here. I don't see a sweat cup for the sweat pouring out of my mouth
It's quite warm in your establishment and I need a receptacle for my mouth mouth sweat
Where is your trough? Where do you keep your troughs? Because I'm about to hit the tread. Pardon me. Where's the spittoon?
Where's your novelty Western spittoon?
Excuse me
The the the tone when I spit into your spittoon with my mouth sweat was that a and I prefer a nice B flat
Could you have your spittoon shooter?
Beautiful damn it. Have you guys heard about how fast Chad can swim? I guess
Gets in the water and just that's what that's what was going with Michael Phelps
He's trying to get high enough to convince himself to go for
Lala oh, well, I you go ahead and get those pores filled in because it sounds like something that would kill you
Yeah, or coat your face in Play-Doh. No people ask
It ask if they can see your pores and then if they can't then that is yours
My question is this is from Jared via Google Voice. I always forget to zip my fly and halfway through my day
I realized this I was basically wondering what's the easiest way to zip it without anyone noticing. Oh, that's that's a good one
Usually I like to pretend to read something on a wall. There's always things on walls
Yeah, just go read. I sound like Andy Rooney for a second. People are always putting things. Yeah, I
Notice that you notice that why can't our walls just be wall like go pretend to read stuff on a wall. That's pretty smooth
Or stand I pretend to masturbate
Stand in the corner and pretend to masturbate
But face the corner don't face outwards
And every so often turn your head and look over your shoulder and make eye contact with someone
This one's for you, Dave
Zip it up and announce loudly. Sorry ladies shows over
Work out pretty good
Check it. Check it
Curtains going up
In the back seat of my dog's an act to check it out
Seven eleven o'clock shows totally different from seven ladies, you know what I mean? I think you do
What it what do I do about a clingy friend?
Who likes my company way more than I do hers?
She's proclaimed us besties without any encouragement from me and she comments on every tweet despite not getting most of them. I
Don't get why this is funny. Silly me lols
terrible
My question is why first of all, no one needs to comment on tweets like I get it
Don't don't do that. I would appreciate if you would do that more. I tweet you specifically sometimes
I'm not gonna tell you your tweets are funny. That's just last week. I tweeted you about that
that Ferris Bueller
Being similar to Fight Club and you didn't even respond
No
I'm a terrible brother because I read that and it's the funniest thing I've ever read and it honestly made me think
I mean grow made you grow made you learn a person
Like oh, okay. We're not helping them. We're helping each other. This is
Gosh
The hard thing about this is that you're not gonna suddenly
Start liking this person more
She probably
Wants to be more than besties
Well, you think it's the the apocalypse rare in its head. Oh, is it a lady?
Is it a lady asking this question? I
Think so. Well see you don't know. Oh
Wow, I I think that the the the tough spot about this is that I think relationships like this are much easy
This sounds like somebody who's who's maybe in in high school or college
These relationships are much easier to navigate when you're an adult because you just don't see them. You just don't see them
It's irrelevant. It doesn't matter if they're your besties or not
I think it for the moment though. All you can do is just sort of
You know, there's no easy way to back off of it
You kind of have to cut the cord and the problem is unfortunately it sounds like you're actually kind of like this person
You know, right you describe her as a friend and you know, so that's not like this person. I hate things
We're friends. So that makes it tricky because if you hate them, you can just straight up be like, hey, I hate you
the
best thing you can hope for is that it's like buying a pair of uncomfortable shoes and eventually it'll get broken in and
Be a little bit more comfortable, but you're never gonna love them
Yeah, and by that point the shoes are gonna be old and so you just throw them away
Yeah old shoes and you know, honestly, you should really think to yourself
How much is this impacting your life? Like if they're coming on your Twitter, whatever like
Sometimes it's worth it to have somebody who's in your corner that hard
Even if sometimes they they get on your nerves and chances are she doesn't have a lot of friends. So yeah
Play it cool play cool, but set boundaries and let her know that you can't spend every waking moment with her
There's no reason to be a jerk about it. Dear MBMB a in
Okay
Did we have my brother and
Nonny our grandma nonny
Dear my brother my brother and nonny
What's the best way to tell my girlfriend that she should shave her armpits more often?
I'm afraid to hurt her feelings, but her stubbles kind of gross me out
Her stubbles
I've named each one
This is Gregor the stubble
Why are you so into her stubble I
Can I tell you something? I've been married for I don't know some years don't don't here's not a good way
There's no best way. There's only the worst way, which is to do it at all. I
Just came up with the best way oh god
I know what you're gonna say shave go ahead and shave your own armpits
Super clean and then just keep saying things like feel how smooth that is. Isn't that nice? Isn't that a nice feeling on your hands?
I love that you considered shaving her armpits while she's sleeping
I was thinking about that or or along those same lines maybe when you're taking a shower together say it would be such a turn-on
If you would let me
Shave your underarms and then do it every morning. Oh, yeah, that's good and bring up the same things like I read about this on
The internet. Mm-hmm. I heard about this in Cosmo. I'm the the scrape of
the razor against your poreless armpits
I here's the the only way you can navigate this well form spring is is
To not make it seem as though
It the it's all about your phrasing it can't be that her stubble grosses you out
It has to be that smooth underarms turn you on
Yeah, you know like a decision she makes for you. Yes. Next time she shaves underneath her arms say
Oh my god, it's so hot. So sexy to me when your underarms are shaved now
Be careful because if you push it too hard, she's gonna start thinking you're some kind of armpit weirdo
Say okay. You got to say first then honey. I'm not an armpit weirdo
I'm not one of those pitties you read about on the internet. Yeah, don't if she does shave her armpits don't
Don't just go up there and say let me see him and then say and then say
closer
Shave closer next time against what you're gonna saying. Definitely. Definitely. Don't do that
Pits and say I want to be in there. Yeah. Hey looking good. I'd like to be in there
I'd like to be in your under your arms. I
Like to be underneath there. Can I live in there? I'd like to be in there. Just let me hang out in
There and then wear her armpit like a hat
all
Day
Okay, I'm ready to go to sleep now. Can you stop wearing my underarm as a hat?
Should I get my this is from Anna Anna says should I get my knuckles tattooed?
I really want to do it
But my mom hates the idea and thinks people will view me poorly for the rest of my life
I do well, I told my husband I was thinking about not doing it and he started making chicken noises
Sheep sheep sheep sheep sheep sheep my tattoo artist friend drew it on for me in Sharpie
So I could see how it would look and live with it for a day. I loved it
I don't want to hurt my mom's feelings, but you only live once right Anna. Well, that's Anna this she attached a picture
Did you have a bit drawn on to her knuckles and it said Earl Grey? Oh
Which is the best thing I've ever seen that's kind of fresh it is pretty funny and she is a burlesque knife thrower
Yeah, Anna, that's fresh. I'm sorry. Here. Here's here's the best rationale that I've ever heard about tattoos
It really it puts it on perspective. I saw it's actually when I went to get my first tattoo
I saw an article that somebody had written
on that particular tattoo parlor in the local paper and the the tattoo artist said
People always tell me would you want that on your hand when you're an old man?
And I always say if I'm an old man and my biggest concern is whether or not I have a tattoo
I've lived a pretty good life
I mean and if you're a burlesque dancer, I think burlesque knife thrower burlesque knife thrower
I imagine there's some dancing involved in that though. Probably um, yeah, just go for it. Just go for it
Who cares it's it makes you a more interesting person and I really think that in this it doesn't make you I'm sorry
Let me rephrase that it's it's something you want to do
And and if it's that important to you that you're willing to do it, you're not gonna like suddenly hate it
It's part of your character, you know
It's something that if somebody like pointed out and said hey that's cool and like you had a story behind it
Something is really important to you always do stuff that is important to you
Yeah, and unless your husband is awesome for doing chicken noises because you didn't want to get a tattoo on your hands
I would I would also say Anna that
before you do it, you need to come up with a
An excuse a reasoning for it that you give to commoners
I think that you need to have two excuses for every tattoo one that you give to cool people that
why the tattoo is cool and
when the you have to lame people like on I we all have these Zelda tattoos and cool people I tell it's a Zelda tattoo and
And people I don't give a shit about I tell them it's it's it's tribal. I say it's a joke
You say it's Egyptian. I say it's Masonic
That's so weird
My pineapple tattoo. I just when people ask me about it, and I don't want to tell them
I just say I'm really into pineapples right now. Yeah
Yeah, I'm here in their own stories people vastly arrested me how much time everybody else spends thinking about them
If you want it you get it you only go around once so I have a short series of three yahoo
Questions that are related
So I figured we could knock them all out really quick and in like a short segment
It just about you know it's about the universe
You know it's about the universe. It's about space. It's about man's journey into space
And I was thinking it would be nice for us to just take a moment and just get all Carl Sagan on this shit
All right, do it take me on a journey Griffin, okay?
Question one what are the stars in outer space what they're made of what they look like this one's reasonable
It's from Jeffrey pet, so I'm figuring he's a younger person
Jeffrey if you really want to know the answer to this I would suggest listening to they might be Giants
classic
Why does the sunshine I?
Feel like it fills in a lot of the blanks that that you don't seem to understand
But but don't but it's most of it is untrue
Yes
But so listen to the new one off of their CD here comes science and as a counterpoint
The stars are made up of the souls of our ancestors
Yeah, and also the devil the sun shines because the devil lives in it. That's correct. Yeah, okay, so that's question one
Question two is the universe really inflating or are we shrinking I?
Don't understand the inflating expanding universe concept if you're inside of something in this case
I think all of the scientists are inside of the universe
Can you really tell that this thing the universe is expanding?
I don't think so maybe the universe is not getting larger, but we humans planets etc are getting smaller
I think that the only thing we can surely say is the universe is getting larger with respect to us
Ps1 sorry for the bad English ps2. I'm not very advanced in physics, so I can be wrong in some manners
Please warn me if I'm doing a big mistake I
Like that I'm gonna read you know what what if Galileo had had chopped that one like listen
This is just me. I'm just spitballing here. This is just me you guys see you
I have no idea what I'm talking about so you guys listen old Galileo
You guys food my whole son thing, but check this shit out. We're shrinking. What do you think just putting it out there?
Don't really know not certain. I'll be honest. I've been having this this feeling in my core lately
And I can't describe it. It's just kind of like a weird sensation
And I think it might be because we're all shrinking you in unison
But I know where I can because we're all shrinking
You remember that scene in men in black right at the end when it turns out the whole kit and caboodles just in a big
intergalactic marble game
Uh-huh think about it. Oh
Question yeah, I'm supposed to you laugh at yahoo questions not get freaked out. Oh, you're gonna hate. I got a gun
Okay, question three the final question of the series
What was traditionally done to prevent mind control by space elves?
I
Yeah, he's not saying how do you do it today?
He's saying like how are you gonna?
Do it where people laugh at you old and you're like wild west remedies for mind control by space elves
There had to be some sort of tincture
That settlers of Genghis Khan used to use this exact same thing they used to rub an ungent on their babies
So the space elves couldn't take over their poor baby minds there
He used to make a Khan used to make a poultice out of lotus flowers and honey and he would rub that on his mustache
Everyone knows that space elves can't get through opium. Yeah, it's true because they get too high
Yeah, and they freak out cover your babies and sweet sweet opium he yeah
I just refreshed it and there's some additional details that say come on. I'm not joking. They're from Venus. They are gross I
I feel like people are trying to bait you now. They're trying to get you specifically to look at their questions
That's entirely possible if that's the most roundabout thing in the world though like I'm going to post a question on this website
So hopefully Griffin McElroy looks at it. I mean if that was this guy's goal
He succeeded my problem is it's his problem with these these space elves is it that they're they're trying to control his mind
Or that they're gross and he'd rather not be around them I
Do not agree with them politically yeah, I don't like that there. I don't like their stance on immigration
So here's here's a here's a good one. I recently got a sweet new ride
I've heard that cars are like chick magnets the problem is but I'm having a conversation with a girl
It's really in my car conversations happen in buildings
How do I leverage my new car into getting girls this involve using terms like chick magnet and sweet ride and ironically?
Evan Gmail well simple answer drive your car into the building
Billy Joel gets more tang than anybody on the planet yeah
Sorry about your fracture, but check these out look at these rims that are on top of your leg
I see them. Yeah, yeah, it's got a hemi crushing my ocular cavity. I've got a pretty good look at it
So so kill girls with it, that's one two
Get white spray paint and write the word taxi on your car and then wait outside of crowded buildings that should work
Write it crudely though in like a little rascals font
With a backward a make them backward backward a
Yeah, and taxi
Okay, I was thinking lowercase. Okay, that makes more. Okay. Thank you. I'm backward X
But I I think what you need to do is start practicing this line
Can I buy you a drink and would you like to share it with me inside my car mm-hmm?
Give a bartender this lady, and I really hate you know can we get to go up?
Can I get a travel off?
Do you have sippy cups because I don't want to spill in my new car because it is very nice
Could I get a lid for this mgd-64, please?
How about a nipple have a nipple that I could use I like how he doesn't
He says that cars like this are chick magnets
But he doesn't say exactly what kind of car he owns because I think we would better be able to advise him
Oh, I've got myself a 2005 PT Cruiser. Let's do it
The other option is and I think this is a little more outside the box
But have you considered acting like a car to try to steer conversations that way if you ever walk up to a girl say hey
Vroom-vroom open my door, and they say what if you say I've got a car
If they're impressed by that then I think you're halfway home. Have you thought about maybe an airbrushed t-shirt? Oh?
An airbrushed t-shirt. I have a car my car. I have a car. It's pretty sweet ma
Apostrophe car, and it's a picture and then just an ironed-on picture of your car
It's a picture of you sitting on the hood of your car
Making out with a girl only the girl doesn't have a face. It just says your face here on it
Yeah, and make sure it's not a mannequin because girls have a pretty good sense of that. Yeah, they can see the pores
And so I think all those are really good suggestions. I think we've pretty much hit the nail on the head
Hello brothers, I just had a quick question for you guys. I'm sorry if this makes me seem insecure
But is it bad if I don't want to date a girl because she has too many male friends
Thanks Kirk
Thanks, Kurt Kirk. I love that Kirk
Kirk Kirk, I'm not trying to you know hate on Kirk, but he did spelt to
Tw-oh which makes me think she has two male friends, and that's too many for Kirk's liking
Shit, maybe he just forgot the to oh so she has to two minutes
Lose two male friends you would be right in the zone. I think we need to balance out
I've got eight and you've got ten so
Yeah, get rid of those two. I don't like John, and I don't like Steven
You could be having one way to get the Kirk
Kirk he would if you just if you just drop two of those zeros
You can get with the champ Kirk or give me one of them
And then we'll both have nine and then we'll go straight to Kirkland wait a minute wait a minute
Kirk if you make those guys your friends, then you just have a large circle of friends. That's crap problem solved
or
Every time you see one of them just ask
Hey you two bangin
Like make sure it's in front of her though
So she she knows that you know what's up and also it'll make her feel special and loved and wanted yeah fight for her
Yeah, just every time you see any one of her friends punch them
because I Justin was joking but but it's a it's a
Scientific fact that her and all of her male friends have either had sex at some point or came awfully close
Yeah, that's just fine. That's just scientific fact. There was homecoming both their dates stood him up
They came really really close
They've at least got the third base, and they were rounding home when his dad walked in
In BNB am this is a this is a different sort of question for us in BNB am when a girl
You've just met is fully expecting you to get her number
But you don't like her like that is it better to avoid the issue which makes things super awkward
Or to get those digits without any intention of calling oh, this is why I carry around this one a big pouch of smoke bombs with me
Everywhere I go because you drop one of those and then you dive through the nearest window and then the situation is averted
or
Tell her you're gonna call then pack your bags and move right away
Move to some you know rural neighborhood in Utah where there's no service
you could you could do that classic like
Listen, I'm I'm worried that this this is going really good, but I'm worried. It's not meant to be I'm gonna
put my phone number in a copy of
Love the time of cholera like in serendipity, and I'm gonna sell it to a used bookstore, but actually just burn it
And they just burn it
So it's like romantic
But in the same way you're never gonna have to see her again or just start talking shit about phones
Just like like halfway through your convo if you think it's going that way. It's like ah all those buttons
There are no buttons
Like it's their just they're even worse if she takes out a phone make like a yuck face like oh
I'll just slap it out of his phones in this day and age. It's all about mental powers. Yeah, you could break her phone
Yeah, yeah sure let me just put it right in oh no
These big I put strong hands of mine I studied under David Blaine for a few years
So give me your phone, and I'm gonna dunk it in this glass of water
And then when she looks at you to say ta-da here. We go
mind freak
Break I just convinced you to give me your phone
My freaks. I'm a girl
I'm not I'm a girl who plays Xbox games like Halo and Modern Warfare 2 and mind freak
I need a lot of great people this way, but there are always a few who think because of a girl
I should be making them a sandwich instead of playing
What is the best way to deal with these guys?
Also Tristan the Marine got me hooked on you guys to thank him for introducing me to such an awesome show
Tristan the Marine not only protecting our nation protecting us swooping Osama's Poon. He is
Expanding our eyes. He's evangelizing. He's protecting us from the far worse threat of people not listening to our show
Think that's way worse than Osama. Thank you just thank you Tristan for your service and your sacrifice so so Rachel
Did the only surefire way is to talk like those
And people think you're a monster like a scary monster, and they won't and they won't they won't ask you for anything
talk like this
Yell things like I will come through the TV and kill you yeah, or get a deep-voiced man to do it
We used to play a game
Where I I would or Sydney, I think would be on the on the microphone
Just talking to people while we played Modern Warfare or Halo
And then we would grab the mic away either Justin or Ryan and yell at them that we were going to come murder them
Yeah, that was those funds
Have you considered?
How would you even get the sandwich to them? Yeah?
Yeah
start asking them really detailed question about the sandwich about the sandwich like ask them like for a FedEx account number and and
like
any food allergies
And I think you need to know preferred deli meat get their address and put it right on the internet and then just
watch 4chan go
I
Think you've got to really beat them
Like you've really got to be better than they are at Halo and in Modern Warfare 2
that's that's I think a surefire way because then you can be like that's right, I'm a girl and
And I just beat you and this is me humping your face. This is me humping your face
They're gonna. How does they how it's they are going to like that
Yeah
Or you can trick them into sexually harassing you and then report them. Yeah, that works good. I like that Yahoo answers user
Smiley face, it's just a smiley face to modicon
Okay asks
Do guys like Peter Griffin get laid in real life?
in
terms of characteristics i.e. fat retards I
Could draw you a bit
I could I could paint a picture of the first asking this question, and I would be like like like like
Sketch artist level accurate like you can put up a wanted poster up of this bitch, and you can be like of that guy
Oh, that's that guy who I think y'all answer this question Justin knows exactly what he looks like um
No
No, they well they have to pay for it. Yes, okay, then that that instance. They don't get married to you know
If you it means after if you mean like they're fat and like if you mean okay fat fat if they're retarded if you're using
Them as a pejorative if you're saying like oh, you're so retarded then no if they're clinically retarded
Then yes those services are provided by the government your tax dollars or are you talking? I'm sorry can we stop the show really quick?
Are you describing?
hookers that the government pays for
to sleep with
Retarded retarded people you're talking about
You're talking about on the inside track in DC. Is this a new thing is this been going on for a while
You're talking about hookers that are partitioned
For retarded people to sleep with on the government dime my tax dollars
Right you get a helmet they provide you with a helmet for the right for who?
Exactly for the hooker okay, there's usually um there's usually
Model planes the light dangling from their ceiling sir so the the helmet and also the strength
Yeah, this
It's hard for this is the worst thing we've ever said on the show
It's it's hard for for a mentally handicapped person to get you know aroused without giving someone a bonk on the head
They give them a they give them all windmill windmill chop right to the crown a lot of people don't know this but that's actually how
New retarded people are created they it's a hooker having sex with retarded person who gives them a bonk on the head until they themselves
Are retarded and then they have to
Then they are then the government has to get a norm
Male to have sex with that hooker and the cycle continues can we move on?
Yeah, please you're gone. You're definitely gonna edit this out right no
You have to promise me you'll edit this out
Kenneth I like it Kenneth on gmail asks my question
However is how old is too old to think you might have developed superpowers
I ripped a metal door off its hinges at work and thought okay this might be a super strength
I tried to lift something ridiculously heavy and no jive just a broken door. I guess do you guys do this and when it's too old
Straight up Kenneth you do have a superpower, but it only works on doors
some doors
Some doors not all doors
Some doors broken doors. You're you already have super good taste in podcasts. Is that is that uh is that a superpower?
No, I actually didn't Justin if you were to have a superpower based off of your everyday life
What do you think it would be?
Like if you were to all sudden realize oh my god. This is a superpower. I would I would want to
Have a super ability to be able to tell people if they were too old to have developed superpowers. I
Think that that I don't think that that's shooting too high
And I think that it would be really useful in the day-to-day because I could really ruin people's days
There's what has to be like net too old yet
Sorry, mine is I can tell what people's shoe sizes are by the sound of their voice
Like really Jared who called in Google voice
He was a ten and a half
Wow, that's incredible. Yeah, that's amazing. How do you do that? I don't know size 13
My god, I can do the same thing but only when that voice is telling me what size shoes they purchased
Then I'm pretty good. I'm not just the shoes for themselves. I'm like 5050 because the listening thing. Mm-hmm
The look of the comprehension just isn't yeah, I want to hear Griffin's last question because it's always a humdinger
but first I want to tell you about
all
kinds of exciting things
first off
We have one more week of pre-orders for my brother my brother and me t-shirts
You can find those at if you go to nbmb am comm and you click buy stuff
One more and and again, we don't know how many of those we're gonna make they're they're soft there. They look comfortable
Do we know that they're soft? Have we felt we before I have been assured that they are soft
What if they're like pinecone rough? What if they're scaled? What if they're scaly? What if they're actually chainmail? Yes
That's an added
Benefit, isn't it? Our shirts protect against the elements. So our shirts will either be baby soft or they'll they'll be protective
Mm-hmm. I I think that I think that
if you if you want a different style of t-shirt a lot of people have asked me they want t-shirt to say
my walnut is a temple or
they
They say that some people wanted Lou bag that that shirt
If these do well, we will we might do a second run with different different shirts
But but these are the two on offer for right now
So that that's that
Okay, so we've also got a a iPhone iPod app
It is my brother my brother and me the app experience
It's a you search for it on iTunes in B&B a.m. And I'm
We're gonna put a link up under the buy stuff section
As soon as the show's over so you can go there and and get it if you want it
What's what's got involved in that app spear? What's all involved? Well, you got access to every show every episode
You can download
art from the shows and use them as
Wallpapers you got that you can
Get some extras. Oh, there's at least one extra. Well, we're gonna have you know some some bonus content up there
We have one little audio clip right now that I put up
It won't be anything too big because we know a lot of people don't have
iPhones and we don't want to let make everybody feel left out
But we do want to do a little something for the people that spent that though
Amy the one that's super funny. I thought it was super funny. You had me rollin dog
Oh, did I have your own you have me straight rollin? You have me low nice rollin rollin rollin
Nolan lowland and rollin
So that's up there and and the newest episode will always be there
It's on that app and I hear background downloading is coming soon
A lot of people have been asking me about an Android app. It seriously is so out of our hands
This is just a service that lives in our podcast provider provides. So totally up to them
Whether or not you you you will be able to get down on Android eventually. We have like no control over this
the app or
The Empire really the Empire really or the t-shirts. We're not doing those either
We're just just we just make the largest three brothers
We're just a game of life three real brothers
Yeah, who give out advice on the internet everybody else, you know makes them live in a giant mansion
It also on the app
There's a links to our Facebook and a button to call us and a button to visit our website and a button to email us
So all those like question-seeking
Options are there at your fingertips
I'm gonna rattle off all of our contact info now. Oh
Do it email us in BMB am at gmail.com with your questions
You can go to form spring, which I believe is form spring dot me
slash
in BMB am
You can tweet at us with on on Twitter using the hashtag in BMB am or at in BMB am and you can call us
at two zero three in be in be a m1
Um, we didn't get a lot of calls this week. I think we only got one. I think people are nervous to
Call us. We mocked them very very hard last week. Just call and say hey, just call and say hey
Like we're not gonna answer if that's what you're worried about. It's just a voicemail. We can't answer
So just call and leave a message and you know, just talk. We want to hear your voices
We've seen your words. We want to hear them with our ears. Also this week
We were chastised because apparently we've been ignoring our zoom users. That's not true
I don't know how Zune works. What is Zune?
I I use a Zune and I just want all the Zune users out there to know that that you know
We support you guys. There's a there's something to the RSS feed on there. Are they just thinking about Zubeli Zoo?
Yes, Zuba mafu. What is it? Zuba mafu. That's right
You know manama not oh, I'm gonna give away a code
for the podcast a free app a free code
to
Download the the app right now
no, I'm gonna give it to somebody who picks me at random who tweets a
Link to our apps page you just go into iTunes right click on the the app and
Or you can you search for it on the internet, whatever. I
Love it. I love the sick nature of this giveaway
Yeah, I know and you do that and you can you can get a free free code
I'm gonna pick some of your random to get one
Our final question of the day comes us from Yahoo answers user material
Which is spelled wrong
Asks where can I find a plastic spatula for my George Foreman grill?
I'm Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin McElroy
This has been my brother my brother and me kiss your dad
Square on the lips
You will never know me
You